
WeBookMan
editWeBookManTitle          LineEdit
comboWeBookManAuthor        Combobox
comboWeBookManGenre         Combobox
spinBoxWeBookManYear        Spinbox
spinBoxWeBookManRating      Spinbox
tableViewWeBookManBookTable TableView
pushButtonWeBookManAdd      PushButton
pushButtonWeBookManDelete   PushButton

Query
connectionWidget 
tableViewQueryTable         TableView
editQuerySql                TextEdit
pushButtonQueryClear        PushButton
pushButtonQuerySubmit       PushButton

Database
comboDbDriver               Combobox
editDbDatabase              LineEdit
editDbPath                  LineEdit
editDbUsername              LineEdit
editDbPassword              LineEdit
editDbHostname              LineEdit
editDbConnectMessage        LineEdit 
spinBoxDbPort               Spinbox
checkBoxDbMemory            PushButton
pushButtonDbConnect         PushButton
pushButtonDbPath            PushButton

Settings
editSettingsIniFileName     LineEdit
editSettingsApplicationName LineEdit
editSettingsOrgName         LineEdit
editSettingsOrgDomain       LineEdit
pushButtonSgSave            PushButton


